Mr. Gu is Mr. Gu
It’s already this time. I thought it would be okay without chaos.
Now you have this why
After all, we have become what we are today
Not even possible
If you find the child who died
How could she tell the truth before the storm?
How could we be tortured?
How could I be forced to do so without difficulty?
I'm really alone when I say something like this today.
The other person sticks to me and masturbates
I'll give it to you
You really know your way around words and luck.
I'd like to see
Another book
How long will it take for Qiaoyan to be lucky?
I'll give it to you
I want to make you today
Choose between them two
who would you choose
you two
Do you really know how to do it? Really?
Don’t you care most about your life?
As long as he sends himself to death
Just be at peace with yourself
You rush to see you off
I stabbed
So poisonous to death
Would I not give you more? But you today
I can't stay with them anymore
It’s crazy to choose one of the middle options
If something happens to him, what happens to me?